Update TS-JS, TinyGo and Python Re: KV & RDBMS (#793)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/javascript-components.md

}
```

## Storing Data in the Spin Key-Value Store

Spin has a key-value store built in. For information about using it from Rust, see [the key-value store tutorial](kv-store-tutorial).

> ## Storing Data in Relational Databases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Storing Data in SQLite
```

> For more information about using relational databases from TypeScript/JavaScript, see [Relational Databases](rdbms-storage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using SQLite from TypeScript/JavaScript, see [SQLite Storage](sqlite-api-guide).
```

}
```

## Storing Data in the Spin Key-Value Store

Spin has a key-value store built in. For information about using it from Rust, see [the key-value store tutorial](kv-store-tutorial).

## Storing Data in SQLite Relational Databases

For more information about using SQLite relational databases from TypeScript/Javascript, see [SQLite storage](sqlite-api-guide).

> ## Storing Data in MySQL and PostgreSQL Relational Databases

Reviewer: Not supported in TS/JS as far as I know

Author: Left this in for the sake of the "However, you can use hosted relational database services that are accessible over HTTP" at the resolving link; in case someone wants to user ElephantSQL or something over HTTP via TS/JS.
